# DSProject2020
1) Data Understanding - 20%  Has the data quality been assessed? How? Where there any significant concerns? How have missing or null values been addressed? What proportion of such values were there? What data exploration did you do and how did it lead you to the Insight / Question in 2. 2) Insight / Question - 20%  What is the main question being answered or insight being sought? Is the insight or answer to the question actionable (can I or someone act upon this insight)? What is the value of the insight or answer? What actions could be taken based on it, what outcomes could be taken and who would benefit? 3) Execution - 20%  How have you tested your code and the quality of your results? Is the statistical model / implementation based on reliable assumptions about the data (e.g. correct model given the data and question, data preprocessed as needed) ? Have the model outputs been tested independently of the model (e.g. train/test)? What methods were tried and rejected? Why were these rejected? 4) Presentation - 20%  Delivery. Does the speaker speak clearly, fluidly and loudly enough? Clarity. Does the speaker provide enough information to support the presentation but not excessive/unnecessary detail? Has the speaker conveyed what was needed for 1-3 above? Organization. Was the presentation well structured and organized? This includes an introduction, logical transition from one point to another, and conclusions. Visuals. Were the visuals used clear, relevant and interesting? 5) Written Report - 20%  A written report in the form of a Google Colab notebook, interweaving text and code cells, is due by Friday, May 15. The document should tell a story with words and diagrams, matching the requirements for the presentation., using full sentence and formal professional-style prose. The reader should be able to clearly understand: What topic and questions your project focuses on, and what the motivation is. (Why should the reader care about this?) What analysis was performed, in what order. What the results mean and what conclusions and implications follow from those results.  
